another two days of respite in hopes of
seeing more scenes like this just hours
before the deal expired an agreement was
reached for an additional 48 Hours of
calm the result of intensive mediation
by Qatar we began this mediation process
here in uh in Doha right after the 7th
of of October and we have made a lot of
accomplishments starting from then we've
moved from a point where there was
absolutely no chance for mediation where
there is there was a refusal for
mediation to both parties now every day
agreeing on the lists and having
hostages being released daily and we
have reached a stop uh of fighting that
is going to extend into almost a week uh
now and I think we have to build on uh
on that to make sure that we can move uh
forward the extension means more trucks
carrying food medicine and fuel are
expected to enter the Gaza Strip
particularly in the embattled north
these supplies are crucial for
population Shattered by War and a
yearslong Siege imposed by Israel the
Israeli Army says it's committed to the
ceasefire but has vowed to press on with
its military actions in Gaza once the
deal expires in full
force as we are speaking We are
continuing the efforts to carry out the
plan led by Egypt and Qatar who are
committed to its execution over the next
few days in order to bring back
additional hostages our troops and
combatants in Gaza are all deed and
prepared for the next stages of the war
Hamas wants the deal to result in a
permanent
ceasefire we have proposed and we've
made it clear that we are ready to enter
new deals in order to exchange all the
captives and the prisoners but as you
know in times of War it's very difficult
to exchange everyone at least what we
can achieve right now is that we can
exchange all the women and children and
enter new trues so we can continue this
so that everyone can go back home and so
that we can provide food medicine and
fuel for civilians as we enter the
winter
season this is the operations room in
Doha the focal point of qari mediation
this is where negotiators maintain
direct lines of communication with Hamas
and Israel and monitor the
implementation of the deal a small
progress that is celebrated as a crucial
step that can build momentum towards a
long-lasting comprehensive deal bad
mahichi alaz
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer